                             # Notes to developers


Thank you, you lovely open source developers for contriubiting and reviewing the 
Parmanode code.

This document is to help quickly understand how the code works in a convenient place
rather than littered in hard-to-find places which you may end up reading but in an
inefficient order.

ARGUMENTS  
                    If you add "debug" as an argument to ./run_parmanode.sh, useful
                    things like skipping over some code, or activating debug stopping
                    points with messages happens.
                    
FREQUENTLY USED CUSTOM FUNCTIONS

    set_terminal    This is used a lot tstop lnd.sern Mac, but it was at one stage. It's probably
                    a good thing as many mac terminals have a white background and
                    I failed at finding how to change it to black without mouse input.
                    If someone wants to take that on, that'd be awesome.
    
    debug           This is a useful function to help me debug and rarely present an
                    error to the user before aborting. It takes a string argument which
                    gets printed, before a read command so the screen doesn't clear, 
                    and devs or users can see the error message before continuing.
    
    choose          I have several functions that are echo statements to be printed
                    menu options, found in the echo_choices.sh file. "choose" takes
                    various string arguments. The letters mean: "x" - choose from
                    options above, "p" - text to offer option to go to the previous 
                    menu, and "q" text to offer user to quit.
    
    delete_line     A useful sed function that takes two arguments, the filename and 
                    the string to find. It then removes every line where that string 
                    ocurrs. Useful for modifiying config files.
    
    log             A function that takes two variables (desired filename prefix) and 
                    a message for the custom log file. The log function also populates
                    parmanode_all.log, so all messages from various files can be 
                    viewed at once.


EXPLANATION OF CONFIGURATION FILES  

    parmanode.conf  Some user choices, like drive=external / internal, is kep in a config
                    file for easy access of variables selected during previous times the
                    software was run.
                
    installed.conf  Useful to know if an installation process has begun, eg bitcoin-start, 
                    in order to know if the user's system has been modified, and can 
                    direct the need for uninstallation or clean install. When something
                    has finised installing, the "end" line is added to the configuration
                    file, eg bitcoin-end, for similar reasons.
